<h1>The blog tool</h1><p>Hello and welcome to the very cool and cool blogging tool now with tagging and a WYSIWYG editor!</p><p><br></p><ul><li>If you are hosting on Lexiqqq please follow the instructions in&nbsp;<a href="https://april.lexiqqq.com/blogtool/" target="_blank" style="color: var(--pink);">https://april.lexiqqq.com/blogtool/</a></li><li>If you are using a dynamic host you may need to make some changes due to PHP version differences so good luck!</li><li>If you are using Neocities hosting follow the following instructions, the Neocities version of the tool is rate limited to 60 request per hour by github rest api.</li></ul><p><br></p><p>Step 1:</p><p>Download the files in this&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/apriltilde/neoblogtool" target="_blank" style="color: var(--pink);">github repo</a>&nbsp;and add them to your site</p><p><br></p><p>Step 2:</p><p>Create a github account if you don't have one already</p><p>After making an account go to&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/settings/tokens" target="_blank" style="color: var(--pink-500);">https://github.com/settings/tokens</a>, click generate new token and choose the classic token. Then change the expiration to whatever you want personally I use no expiration as it makes life easier although it is less secure</p><p>Select the repo scope which will allow access to public repos and then generate the token.</p><p>Save this token somewhere safe and don't let anyone you don't trust know it as they will be able to make posts on your blog</p><p><br></p><p>After this you will need to make a new empty public repo.</p><p><br></p><p>Step 3:</p><p>Open your script.js in your favourite text editor and find the line with the code:</p><p><br></p><pre class="ql-syntax" spellcheck="false">&nbsp;xhr.open("GET", "https://api.github.com/repos/OWNER/REPO/contents", true);
</pre><p><br></p><p>Change the owner to your github account name and the repo to whatever you named your repo.</p><p><br></p><p>Then do the same with this line of code in your add.html file</p><p><br></p><pre class="ql-syntax" spellcheck="false">fetch("https://api.github.com/repos/apriltilde/posts/contents/" + fileName, {
</pre><p><br></p><p>Step 4:</p><p>Go to add.html and you will find the WYSIWYG editor.</p><p><br></p><p>Where it says "Enter github" token paste in your token</p><p><br></p><ul><li>You can enter tags however you want but the tag must be one word #this is not a valid tag #this_is_a_valid_tag</li><li>Remember to enter your token before saving if the token is incorrect the blog post will not save to the server</li><li>Adding images is as easy as clicking the image button in the toolbar and selecting a file, remember the image is saved as base64 in the html if you want to save the image to an images folder and link it with an &lt;img&gt; tag you will need to upload your own HTML file.</li><li>Posting can take a few seconds especially if you have a lot of images or GIFs this is only an issue with the Neocities version as you are posting a file to github which can take a few seconds</li><li>The Post HTML File button will allow you to upload your own HTML files as blog posts. Uploading a file will automatically save it so make sure you're happy with it before you click the button</li></ul><p><br></p><p>Step 5:</p><p>Have fun!</p><p><br></p><p>If you lose your token or it has become known you can delete the token and just redo step 2.</p><p>Feel free to contact me if its not working my discord is stupidapril.</p><p>If you want to quickly change the colourscheme the colours are compatible with&nbsp;<a href="https://www.realtimecolors.com/" target="_blank" style="color: var(--accent);">this website</a></p>
